UML 

1.Which of the following diagrams depicts the various processing devices on which the components of a software system execute?

1.Package diagram
2.Component diagram
3.Deployment diagram
4.Interaction Overview diagram
answer;3


2.Which of the following patterns enables you to create separate objects for displaying the information in various forms?

1.Observer
2.Command
3.Structural
4.Creational
answer;1

3.Which design pattern option allows you to create and manage the lifecycle of the objects?

1.Creation 
2.Structural
3.Behavioral
4.Singleton
answer;1

4.Which structural pattern type provides the interface for simplifying software development?
1.Composite
2.Proxy
3.Decorator
4.Facade
answer;4

5.Which of the following quality aspects refers to the quality of visual representation of the artifacts,diagrams,and models?
1.Quality of Visualization
2.Quality of Specification
3.Quality of Construction
4.Quality of Documentation
answer;1

6.Which of the following is the atomic element involved in the working of a process?
1.Task
2.Activity
3.Iteration
4.Role
answer;1

7.Which of the following pattern provides guidelines to assign responsibility to a class that contains the relevant information?
1.Expert
2.Creator
3.Controller
4.Structural
answer;1

8.Which of the following quality checks ensures that the series of activities and tasks performed to develop software products are correct?
1.Code quality
2.Process quality
3.Management quality
4.Model or architectural quality
answer;2

9.Which of the following UML diagrams is used for requirement modeling?
1.Use Case diagram
2.Class and Objects diagram
3.State diagram
4.Component diagram
answer;1

10.Which of the following diagram is a part of dynamic modeling?               
1.Deployment diagram
2.Sequence diagram
3.Class diagram
4.Component diagram
answer;2


Software Testing;

7.Which of the following is a quality control activity?
1.Quality audit
2.Tools selection
3.Training
4.Inspection
answer;4

8.Which of the  following statistical tools can be used to represent a very large amount of data in simple chart form?
1.Cause and Effect Diagram
2.Histogram
3.Pareto chart
4.Control chart
answer;2

9.Which of the following statistical tool is used to identity the causes of a problem?
1.Scatter plot
2.Cause and effect Diagram
3.Pareto chart
4.Run chart
answer;2

10.Which risk can occur if a software application is released in the market before it is compete?
1.Business risk
2.Software risk
3.Premature release risk
4.Company risk
answer;3



C#
1
Consider the following statements:
Statement A: A record in a data file contains only one field.
Statement B: A field has two components, field name and field content.
Which of the following is true for the above statements?
	1Statement A is True and Statement B is False.
	2Statement A is False and Statement B is True.
	3Both Statements A and B are true.
	4Both Statements A and B are false.
answer;2

2
James has prepared Sales Analysis report, analysisnorth for the north region of the company. A similar report for the south region of the company has to be prepared. This report should have the same format as that of analysisnorth. What is best way to retain the same format as that of analysisnorth?
	1Using Smart Tag
	2Using Style and Formatting Task Pane
	3Using Auto Republish
	4Using Office Document Imaging Tool
answer;1

3
Sam has created an annual Sales Report. He wants to translate the entire document to French. What are the sequence of steps he need to follow to translate the document to French?
	Step1: Select the Language command in the Tools menu.
Step2:Click the Entire Document Radio button in the Translate section.
Step3: Select the English (US) to French(France) option from the drop down list of the Dictionary list box.
Step4: Click the Go button.
Step5: Double click the correct translated word and click the Replace button.

	Step1: Select the Language command in the Tools menu.
Step2: Click the Entire Document Radio button in the Translate section.
Step3: Select the English(US)to French(France) option from the drop down list of the Dictionary list box.
Step4: Double click the correct translated word.
Step5: Click the Replace button.

	Step1: Click the Entire Document Radio button in the Translate section.
Step2: Click the Go button.
Step3: Select the Translate command from the Language submenu.
Step4: Select the English (US) to French(France) option from the drop down list of the Dictionary list box.
Step5: Double click the correct translated word and click the Replace button.

	Step1: Select the Language command in the Tools menu.
Step2: Select the Translate command from the Language submenu.
Step3: Click the Entire Document Radio button in the Translate section.
Step4: Select the English(US) to French(France) option from the drop down list of the Dictionary list box.
Step5: Click the Go button.

answer;1

4
Stephanie has created a word document, projectdetails. This document contain the details of the project completed by each team in the organization. She has also published this document on the web. This has considerably increased the file size. What should Stephanie do to reduce the file size?
	1Use Data Connection Wizard
	2Save Document as Filtered Web Page
	3Use picture compression
	4Use auto Republish
answer;2

5
Henry wants to send a document standards.doc to all the employees in the organization. He wants to add his handwritten signature to this document. Which tool should he use to send the document with handwritten signature?
	1Writing Pad
	2Drawing Pad
	3Write Anywhere
	4Drawing Canvas
answer;2

6
Goodwill electronics maintains a document "items", which stores the items available at a given period. A logo of the company has to be added to the background of this document. The background should also appear when the document is printed. Which feature should be used to add the logo to the background of the document?
	1Photo Album
	2Drawing Canvas
	3Water Mark
	4Drawing Pad
answer;3


<asp:SqlDataSource ID="dsLogin" runat="server" ConnectionString="<%$ ConnectionStrings:examConnectionString %>"
            SelectCommand="SELECT [uname], [pwd] FROM [oe_Students]" 
                onselecting="dsLogin_Selecting">
        </asp:SqlDataSource>